 Gold Standard Registries  | GS UPDATED Apr 27, 2026 Gold Standard Registries  Content Water Benefits Registry Impact Portfolio Registry Impact Registry User Guide Labelling of credits and projects in the Impact Registry Impact Registry Our Impact Registry tracks the certification status of climate projects engaged in the Gold Standard certification process. It offers a comprehensive public view of their progress and provides access to essential project documentation, empowering stakeholders with the knowledge needed to make informed decisions. The registry is where products for Gold Standard projects, such as carbon credits, are issued, held, transferred, and retired, providing transparency and credibility. It can be considered the ‘source of truth’ for information related to Gold Standard products, with unique serial numbers generated for every issued credit, allowing full traceability through the lifecycle of the credit from generation to sale, and eventual use or ‘retirement’. It also showcases the certified Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) impacts. By highlighting these tangible outcomes, we demonstrate the real-world contributions of Gold Standard-certified projects. The registry is used by a range of stakeholders including project developers, academics, credit purchasers, brokers and exchanges, marketplaces, and the wider public. Impact Registry app Water Benefits Registry This registry currently tracks Water Benefit Certificates (WBCs) issued to projects certified under Gold Standard&#39;s previous Water Benefit Standard. In the future, these will be integrated into the Impact Registry.  Water Benefit Certificates registry Impact Portfolio Registry This is a publicly available repository of all funds and portfolios applying the Gold Standard Fund Requirements . In the future, these will be integrated into the Impact Registry listed above. Impact Portfolio Registry Impact Registry User Guide This is a clear guide for using Gold Standard Impact Registry. Download Labelling of credits and projects in the Impact Registry This document provides guidance on the attribution of labels to projects and credits listed within the Gold Standard Impact Registry. It is intended for use by registry account holders as well as other stakeholders viewing the public interface of the Gold Standard Impact Registry, to support understanding of when and why labels are attached to projects and credits, and how to filter by labels. The credits issued by Gold Standard are Verified Emission Reductions (VER) units. The term ‘credits’ has been used in this guidance document for accessibility. Download For any information on GS Impact Registry please contact, GS Registry Team [email&#160;protected] Next Certification Process Step-by-step Gold Standard Newsletter Subscription Stay updated on our latest news and more. submit International Environment House II Chemin de Balexert 7-9 1219 Châtelaine, Switzerland Inform News FAQs Events Newsletters Explore Impact Registry Standard Documents SDG Impact Dashboard SDG Impact Tool Gold Standard Marketplace Assurance Platform Engage Contact Donate Consultations Work with us © Gold Standard 2026 Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Conflict of Interest Policy Cookie Policy 